1. What does a ~ represent in a file path?
	Absolute path to file destination in the form of home directory.
2. What is an absolute path and how can you determine if a path is an absolute path?
	Absolute path is the home or root directory. Absolute paths start with the root directory.3. Where does a relative path start from on the file system?
	A relative path starts after your current directory to the path destination of your choice4. Give the command to use ls utility to display the contents of you ~/Downloads directory using a relative path while working in your ~/Documents/cis190 directory.
	ls ~/Downloads
5. Give the command to use the ls utility to display the contenrts of a sub-directory called "test" inside of your current location using a relative path.
	ls /test
6. Give gthe command to use the ls utility to display the contents of a directory named DZesktop inside of the your home directory using an absolute path.
	ls ../Desktop
7.Why do Unix/Linux utilities have a singular purpose?
	To be as modular as possible to solve one particular problem or task at a time.
8. What is the best command to run to verify that this file is in the proper location and has the contents you intended?
	Run command from the home codespace directory run 'less ls Quizzes/Quiz1/Quiz1.1.txt' 
9. copy the following text from this quiz and paste it inside your file.
Put your answers to the questions on the next line after the question and indented over to the right:

a. How do you get your previous command to appear on the command line without retyping it? 
	with the up arrow on your keyboard.
b. Using a relative path what would the command be to show the contents of a directory one level higher than your current location? 
	ls ../
c. Using an absolute path (not using the tilde shortcut) give the command to open a file in your home directory called SampleFile.txt with the vi editor.  
	vi /User directory/workspace/folder/SampleFile.txt
d. What is the command to display the manual page for the less paging utility?
	man less 
e. What is the command to search forward through the manual page for the string “input”
	/input
i. What is the command to find the next match for your search? 
	n
